The dentist
Every morning peppa and George
brush their teeth.
Today peppa and George
are going to the dentist.
Peppa, George,
are you ready to
go for your check up?
I am too busy for a check up,
I am having a tea party with teddy.
Yes, we are very busy.
We all need check-ups to make sure
our teeth are clean and healthy.
Okay, daddy.
George, are yourteeth clean like mine?
It is George's first visit to the dentist.
You both have lovely clean teeth,
I am sure the dentist
will be very happy.
Peppa and George are at the dentist's
waiting fortheir check-up.
Aa, waiting is boring.
This magazine's very interesting.
It's all about potatoes.
Peppa, George,
the dentist will see you now.
Hooray!
This is Dr. Elephant, the dentist.
Hello, Peppa,
have you been brushing yourteeth?
Yes, Dr. Elephant.
Good.
Now, who's first?
I am first, because I am a big girl.
Watch me, George.
Sitting in the chair, please.
Hold tight.
Whee...
Open wide, please.
Ah...
wider, please.
now let's take a look
Dr. Elephant uses a little mirror
to look at Peppa's teeth.
I hope you haven't been eating
too many sweeties, Peppa.
It is quite difficult to speak
when your mouth is wide open.
There, all done.
What lovely clean teeth!
She takes after me.
Can I have this special pink drink now?
Yes, but don't drink, Peppa,
spit it out.
George, now it's your turn.
No.
George does not want it to be his turn.
Maybe you can hold Mr. Dinosaur
while the dentist looks at yourteeth.
Gerr... Dinosaur.
Very please to meet you, Mr. Dinosaur.
It is not a real dinosaur,
it's made of plastics.
Hold tight.
You're doing very well, George.
Now can you show me yourteeth?
George does not want to
show the dentist his teeth.
George,
open wide, like this.
Ah... ah...
Aaaaah...
Ah, there they are,
all done.
You have very strong clean teeth, George.
Are they as lovely as mine, Dr. Elephant?
Ah...
Yes.
George is very proud to have clean teeth.
George, don't forget the pink drink.
Oh, wait, what's this?
What's wrong, Dr Elephant?
George has clean teeth,
but this young dinosaur's
teeth are very dirty.
Oh, no.
Dr. Elephant is very cross
with Mr. Dinosaur.
Not at all, Peppa.
It's my job to make teeth clean.
The water jet please, Ms. Rabbit.
The dentist uses waterto
clean Mr. Dinosaur's teeth.
The polisher, please, Ms Rabbit.
This would be a bit noisy.
Dr. Elephant polishes
Mr. Dinosaur's teeth.
Pink, pink...
That's righ, George.
Mr. Dinosaur needs
some special pink drink.
Gosh,
what shining teeth
you have, Mr. Dinosaur.
Err.
Dinosaur.
Too scary.
George loves Mr. Dinosaur,
especially now he
has nice clean teeth.